 few powerplants emitting smoke/some material and a cloudy sky .powerplants are 
 exhibit of some animal with two huge tusks, probably a mammoth within a museum. some rope is guarding it
 some sort of small play room with a tiny table. top of the tiny table has a painting that is multiple colors like a rainbow
 some sort of courtroom with a lot of brown seats. some pedestal in the middle and a place for the judge to sit in front 
 
 a brownish color house on a hillside of yellowish/?greenish grass with some mountains in the background. it is sunny outside 
 a room with a desk and around 4 monitors on it. one of the monitors is black 
 a store with a glass display. probably some food or drink store as there are bottles in the front 
 a gym with a bunch of cardio machines lined up to the side. mostly black 
 looks like an elementary school classroom with tables and other things colored blue , grey, and white
 a grey fountain or light that is circular 
 rollercoaster with a bunch of humps. colored green and orange as there are different humps 
 a really fancy room with a staircase and a chandelier. entrance under the staircase with doors 
 two buildings side by side. one is peach/?whitish color while the other is a darker color. sunny day 
 front of a brown porch with a chair leaning backward like it is forming a triangle with the wall of the house. 
 a large white cloud shaped like a ball is in the clear blue sky right above a building 
 few boats with men in them waiting on the blue green water in some sort of tropical location
 some construction vehicles that seem to be drilling/?digging into the concrete/?ground
 looks like a hair salon with around two or three chairs set up 
 a small building that seems to have some metal ring frame surrounding it in some field 
 a few cacti in an extremely dry, hot area with sand 
 a bedroom with a large bed that also has some small table to the side of the bed
 two or three desk areas that are all connected and colored pink and white 
