 this was a playground with bright yellow and red pieces like a rock wall and a slide.
 this was a room with blue walls featuring a giant woolly mammoth skeleton. 
 this was a picture of a garden. there were a couple of boxes with a very bushy plant.
 this was a foyer into an opulent house with a sweeping staircase and chandelier. pale yellow
 this was a snack bar type area with a bar with a red maybe popcorn machine on it. menu in back and snacks
 desert scene with the classic cacti which branch off and have arms. very dry no grass
 this was a view of the front of probably a municipal court room. judges stand and witness stands in light wood
 ocean scene. crystal blue water with a couple of boats right next to shore. looked like canoes
 this was a locker room with blue lockers about 3 lockers high. bench in the middle and white tile walls
 construction scene that was very dusty with a couple of heavy duty construction vehicles. one was yellow
 cardio room of a gym with a bunch of elliptical/?stair machines. mirrors in back
 bedroom with a large bed in the corner. window on the left most wall. bed had a maroon cover
 looking over a very old and misshape white plaster wall at a church maybe or other old white building with 
 shack little house. looked like a lean too amidst some very green grass. roof was slanted.
 childrens classroom with those foam puzzle piece flooring and small tables and chairs
 old, ornate fountain with a wrought iron fence surrounding it. no water
 rollercoaster with several loop de loops. orange and green and very tall
 view of study desks in a library. pink in color with round back chairs and shelf above desk. library shelves in the background
 porch of a wood cabin. light colored wood in neat rows. nice porch rail and rocking chair
 beauty salon with a line of chairs and mirrors, also pink. 
 i cannot remember what this windmill
 old stone building that kind of looks like british parliament. very gothic with a lawn in front
 home office with bookshelf next to desk. very short bookshelf, maybe three shelves with many books
